Customer Reviews on Moto G Plus, 4th Gen Mobile Phone 3.5 out of 5 stars 40,186 3.5 out of 5 stars 5 star 15,687 4 star 9,510 3 star 4,097 2 star 2,548 1 star 8,344 See all 40,186 customer reviews Share your thoughts with other customers Write a product review Top Customer Reviews 1.0 out of 5 starsI know it's way lengthy, but trust me, worth your time By Impeccable on 2 October 2016 Size: 32 GBColour: Black Verified Purchase Given the exceptional device and service provided by Amazon, Amiable Electronics Pvt Ltd and Motorola, I am obliged to write this review. For all those, seeking genuine review, U can trust me. Had 2 devices in hand, compelling me to write this review. Have to say, was quite impressed with the delivery, ( not quite, given they had my 15 grand ), but still. Satisfied with the device and considered myself lucky to have a brand new Moto G4 Plus ( had read reviews about getting used devices ). Was working as expected and left me contented. After a couple of days, the steady stream of issues initiated. I went through much ( Would rather say all ) of the issues that were mentioned in reviews. Initially it went blank while on call. No response. Couldn't tell if the device was powered on. Nothing made the backlight come to life. After a minute or so, rebooted itself. ( Mayb it loves doing so, coz it did so again for 3 times ). Back at home, put it on charge ( Should I say Turbo Charge ? Whatever ). After being fully charged, when unplugged, the touch went haywire. Random selection, as if it had a mind of it's own. Had to press power button for 2 mins to shut it down ( Kill it's excitement ). Another shocker was the heating issue. I was convinced that prolonged use of any device would heat it up. But this little deal breaker ( Worth 15 grand ) was exception. It would heat if I would multitask. Say if on call, a low end game would suffice it to heat above 45 C. Another peculiar thing was as if using camera for about 2 mins or more, it would just piss it off n it would make U handle it, like having a morning toast. Requested a refund. Luckily it was within 10 day replacement / refund policy.Read more › 55 Comments 2,739 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Sending Feedback... Thank you for your feedback. Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again Report abuse 1.0 out of 5 starsAn honest review about Amazon's customer service for moto products and the policies regarding refund and replacement. By Soumik D. on 17 September 2016 Size: 32 GBColour: Black Verified Purchase I have two moto phones that have problems and was denied replacement and refund. The agent I spoke to tried to help but Amazon's moto process is so horrible she could not do anything but she did transfer me to the moto team after I repeatedly told her that the moto team is rude and do not help. I told her many times not to transfer to the moto team(I dare you guys to keep your cool with these rude moto buggers in case you need to talk to them regarding replacement and refund issues), but she did it anyways. I wanted to talk to the supervisor but they will not take your call if it is a moto issue and you will inevitably be transferred to this rotten moto team. Even after asking for the supervisor more than 10 times the person refused to take the call and the agent transferred me to the team that "handles" moto issues. Abhishek Rai from moto team The moto team guy was extremely rude. He did not let me speak. He actually threatened to disconnect the call if I did not stop talking and let him talk(made me wonder whether he was the customer or I). He was trying to put words into my mouth and clearly said they do not have the policies(no real replacement or refund window) mentioned on the phone's product page and if they do not think there is anything wrong with the phone, they will not replace or refund it. Does not matter what the issue is, they are not replacing if they don't get pesky little error codes on their application, which they will make you install on your device to run certain tests. I am writing this review after buying two moto g4 plus from Amazon. Do not buy this phone from Amazon. The ten days replacement window is a scam.Read more › 112 Comments 3,609 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Sending Feedback... Thank you for your feedback. Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again Report abuse 5.0 out of 5 starsIs it woth it? By ZUBIN SACHDEVA TOP 1000 REVIEWER on 7 September 2016 Size: 32 GBColour: Black Verified Purchase Okay, I've been using this phone for the past 2 months and I must say, it is AMAZING! Now, first things first, if anyone is interested in buying the phone, please don't let the product rating at amazon misguide you. I went through most of the reviews and found one issue in common: HEATING problem! Well, the phone supports Turbo Charge for christ sake, it's supposed to get hot people! Duh! Let me divide the review into pros and cons. Pros: 1. Battery life: My phone is using wifi 90% of the times and I'm a big media consumer (YouTube, Music, Movies, etc.), still once fully charged it is good to go for a day with around 15% battery remaining. 2. Camera: Man! The camera on this phone is a beast. Both indoor and outdoor performance are at par with other handsets in the price range and also better than many phones that cost a lot more than it. The front camera is pretty good and supports flash, too. The professional mode is my fav feature, though. 3. Quick charging: It takes roughly around 1 hour 45 minutes for the phone to charge completely. Quick charging is supported till 75% and is very very fast. 4. RAM Management: It is pretty decent and ensures that you don't face any lag whatsoever. 5. SOUND: I won't say the speakers are the best that I've come across, but considering the price range they are pretty decent and gets the job done. 6. CALL QUALITY: The phone uses the speaker as the earpiece and thereby the call quality is crystal clear on this device. One of the best that I've come across till date. 7. Stock Android Experience: The android experience on the device is phenomenal with no bloatware whatsoever. Also, Moto has promised an upgrade to Android N and O for the device.Read more › 81 Comments 7,050 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Sending Feedback... Thank you for your feedback. Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again Report abuse See all 40,186 customer reviews (newest first) Write a product review Customer Images See all customer images Most Recent Customer Reviews 1.0 out of 5 starsNever go for this cell phone. I would suggest you to cancel your contract with Motorola and don't sell this phone anymore. It is the worst phone I am using in my life. Read more Published 5 minutes ago by Amazon Customer 4.0 out of 5 starsBut my device runs perfectly fine without any heating issues I was apprehensive of buying this because of the overheating issues I had heard about. But my device runs perfectly fine without any heating issues. Really nice smartphone. Read more Published 29 minutes ago by Amazon Customer 5.0 out of 5 starsFive Stars moto is best !! Published 1 hour ago by Amazon Customer 1.0 out of 5 starsOne Star Not good both sim network fluctuations at same time & device gets heat quickly Published 1 hour ago by shivakumar 1.0 out of 5 starsWorst mobile Worst mobile not working properly. poor quality charger Published 1 hour ago by Amazon Customer 4.0 out of 5 starsFour Stars Very nice phone Published 2 hours ago by Amazon Customer 3.0 out of 5 starsThree Stars Ok Published 3 hours ago by Amazon Customer 1.0 out of 5 starsdisplay problem after using 5 mins this mobile is very heat and also display problem and service is worst Published 4 hours ago by Amazon Customer 4.0 out of 5 starsNice Product Packaging Fast Delivery !! Nice Product Packaging !! Perfect 10k-15k smartphone !! Published 4 hours ago by Amazon Customer 1.0 out of 5 starsDon't buy electronics from amazon Pathetic... After 10 days it's not working at all... Negative response from Amazon... Published 4 hours ago by Reetika Search Customer Reviews Search
